docs: add more clarity around tenant/admin lbs (#2636)
defenseunicorns/uds-core: docs/concepts/core-features/networking.mdx

| **Admin** | Yes | Admin-facing interfaces (Grafana, Keycloak admin console, etc.); independently configurable security controls |
| **Passthrough** | No | TLS passed through to the application for its own termination; must be enabled explicitly in your bundle |

The Tenant and Admin gateways are deployed as separate Istio gateways with their own load balancers and TLS configurations. This split exists so each gateway can have its own networking and access controls: end-user traffic and platform-administration traffic typically have different audiences, threat models, and exposure requirements.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The Admin Gateway should be reachable only from trusted networks. Expose the Tenant Gateway as your public (or broadly reachable) ingress and restrict the Admin Gateway to private/internal networking, a VPN, a bastion, or a restricted subnet. This pattern allows end users to still reach applications (including Keycloak for SSO), while ensuring that admin interfaces are never reachable from the public internet. This is typically configurable through loadbalancer controller specific annotations, see [restrict the admin gateway to internal networks](/getting-started/production/build-your-bundle/#restrict-the-admin-gateway-to-internal-networks) for examples and references on implementing this.

Reviewer: super nit: should `loadbalancer` be one or two words? in the earlier paragraph its `load balancers`.

Author: Good catch - I think convention is 2 words. Will update this.

Author: ```suggestion
> The Admin Gateway should be reachable only from trusted networks. Expose the Tenant Gateway as your public (or broadly reachable) ingress and restrict the Admin Gateway to private/internal networking, a VPN, a bastion, or a restricted subnet. This pattern allows end users to still reach applications (including Keycloak for SSO), while ensuring that admin interfaces are never reachable from the public internet. This is typically configurable through load balancer controller specific annotations, see [restrict the admin gateway to internal networks](/getting-started/production/build-your-bundle/#restrict-the-admin-gateway-to-internal-networks) for examples and references on implementing this.
```
